README.md, before:

${moduleName}
==========================

Description
-----------
This is a very basic module which can be used as a starting point in creating a new module.

Building from Source
--------------------
You will need to have Java 1.6+ and Maven 2.x+ installed.  Use the command 'mvn install' to 
compile, package and install the module.  The .omod file will be in the omod/target folder.

Alternatively you can add the snippet provided in the [Creating Modules](https://wiki.openmrs.org/x/cAEr) page to your 
omod/pom.xml and use the mvn command:

    mvn install -P deploy-web -D deploy.path="../../openmrs-1.8.x/webapp/src/main/webapp"

It will allow you to deploy any changes to your web 
resources such as jsp or js files without re-installing the module. The deploy path says 
where OpenMRS is deployed.

Installation
------------
1. Build the module to produce the .omod file.
2. Use the OpenMRS Administration > Manage Modules screen to upload and install the .omod file.

If uploads are not allowed from the web (changable via a runtime property), you can drop the omod
into the ~/.OpenMRS/modules folder.  (Where ~/.OpenMRS is assumed to be the Application 
Data Directory that the running openmrs is currently using.)  After putting the file in there 
simply restart OpenMRS/tomcat and the module will be loaded and started.
# openmrs-module-ohri-mamba

Commit message:

Add readme file and prep module for release

README.md, after:

# openmrs-module-ohri-mamba

![MambaETL.png](..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2F_markdown%2FMambaETL.png)

## **Background**

MambaETL (or simply known as Mamba) is an OpenMRS (Open Electronic Medical Records System) implementation of data Extraction, Loading and Transforming (ETL) of data into a more denormalised format for faster data retrieval and analysis.

OpenMRS stores patient observational data in a long format. Essentially, for each encounter type for a given patient, multiple rows are saved into the OpenMRS Obs table. Sometimes as many as 50 or more rows saved for a single encounter in just the Obs table.

This means that the Obs table quickly grows to millions of records in fairly sized facilities making reporting and any analysis on such data incredibly slow and difficult.

## **Purpose of this module**

The purpose of the `openmrs-module-ohri-mamba` is to demonstrate the use of the MambaETL core module `openmrs-module-ohri-mamba-core` which
is found [here](https://github.com/UCSF-IGHS/openmrs-module-mamba-core).
This module uses [v1.0.0](https://github.com/UCSF-IGHS/openmrs-module-mamba-core/releases) of MambaETL.

You can read more about MambaETL [here](https://ucsf-ighs.notion.site/MambaETL-Documentation-v1-0-3f0467b435744e34a261049383c5e4ef?pvs=4).
